apps: fix index per namespace opensearch (#1005)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Issue where users couldn't do `POST` or `DELETE` requests to alertmanager via service proxy
- Fixed deploy script with correct path to `extra-user-view` manifest.
- Fixed issue when `keys` in config had `'.'` in its name and was being moved from `sc/wc` to `common` configs.

> - Fixed index per namespace for OpenSearch. As the version of `elasticsearch_dynamic` plugin Fluentd is using does not support OpenSearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed broken index per namespace feature for logging. The version of `elasticsearch_dynamic` plugin in Fluentd no longer supports OpenSearch. Now the OpenSearch output plugin is used for the feature thanks to the usage of placeholders.
```
